This is just a list of random stuff I need to organize my own messy mind.


Plans (new!):
OK- rewrite this entire thing in vanilla javascript

OK- start a repo

OK- rework game data variables into a huge object so I can work better later on the save and load

OK- make game autoload when page loads

OK- make sure interface is automatically updated with that (logic rework)

OK- save game and load game
. save game
. load game
. delete save
. buttons to do these things

OK- Implement milestones as a new and more versatile way to display new interface elements

TECHNICALLY OK WILL BE DEVELOPED LATER- Make an achievements object

OK- make the hire box maker function a more versatile and global worker hire function

OK- Finally implement box baker and the baked boxes

OK BUT NO UPGRADES YET- Implement pox wakers too!
. very expensive
. will be upgrade resource

OK- testing utilities
. really need them now!!
. somewhere where I can hide buttons to help me add resources and stuff
. activate testing utilities by typing ta() into the console

NO IDEA WHAT TO DO HERE- apparently our game is using about 10% CPU so what the hell. Look into optimization.

OK- add upgrades
+. create an upgrade object
+. hide the upgrades card
+. bind the card to a milestone 
+. hide all the upgrades 
+. bind all the upgrades to milestones 
+. show every single one of those elements whenever we hit a threshold
+. implement purchase of the upgrades 
+. implement their effects on the game
POSTPONED. add meowconomy
POSTPONED. add meowpocalypse

OK- improve the way the hire buttons are rendered because they're literally going crazy thanks to the icon
. and the worker counters too because they don't need to be updated all the goddamn time.

- completely rework the milestone function because its dumb to copy and paste the same damn code

- finish implementing meowconomy with a window-long progress bar

- finish implementing meowpocalypse with another progress bar that supersets the previous one

- rebalance the whole game 

- create an end game state

- Add two tabs on the upgrades card: one shows upgrades the player can buy (based on progression) and then other one a list of bought upgrades

- add cats. They like boxes

- cats trigger a progress bar called Meowconomy that will increase based on the number of boxes you have stored

- floor at source instead of on every interface update in the counterUpdater function
. I have no idea what I'm doing.
. Think about this some more.


- finish game's core features:
. counters
. workers
. values
. testing utilities
. upgrades
. some progression
. an alert box on the top or something to substitute window alerts

- rewrite everything using more modern javascript or typescript I have no clue

- use something else for the interface and learn some css preprocessor

- finally go use some goddamn framework like goddamn react or vue or angular